= ethernet

A Ruby Gem Library for Ethernet Communication

This project is a low-level ethernet communication rubygems library. Its initial intension is to set up a communication API between the FPGA chip and the server for MIT's Trusted Computing Secure Storage project http://projects.csail.mit.edu/tc/. 

== Supported Platforms

ethernet currently works on Linux and Mac OSX. It should work on other OSes that have kernel support for BPF (Berkely Packet Filter), with minor hacking.

ethernet does not currently work on Windows, and is unlikely to do so in the near future. Microsoft, in its infinite wisdom, decided to remove low-level Ethernet support from Windows starting from XP SP2, so the gem would have to ship a pre-compiled miniport driver. Patches are welcome!

ethernet is tested on MRI, but should run on all Ruby VMs that have FFI support, including JRuby and Rubinius. Please file bugs if that is not the case.

== Contributing to ethernet
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Authors

Victor Costan victor@costan.us
HaoQi Li haoqili@mit.edu

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 
See LICENSE.txt for further details.
